_______________proposal__________________________________Inspired by the interconnected nature of design and education seen in the work of Enzo Mari and Ken Isaacs, we propose to design a furniture system that will become the platform for non-hierarchal learning workshops. 

[i think we should add in art to this mix because i think it is strongest with all three]

Both Enzo Mari and Ken Isaac saw their work as informative, capable of expressing systems in which the user is surrounded by, specifically the capitalist agenda of the cold-war era. By disseminating the instructions for constructing their designs they had hoped that by allowing users would become empowered and able to acknowledge design thinking and intent. The concern of both of these designers with the role of education in the built environment makes their work the perfect foundation for our design of systems for alternative learning environments. We aim to design with simplicity, utility, and durability as the main goals of our system. Our system will be made of solid easily available materials and connectors. These furniture pieces will act together to inform the user of the systems in which they are a part of (political and economical) by inserting them directly into another (structural) system. This idea aligns with Ken Isaacs’s methods to allow for students to become “agents of synthesis by learning through praxis rather than passive digestion.” 

Once the form of the furniture system has been designed and realized we will create an instruction manual that will be freely available through digital methods. This manual will discuss the construction as well as the intentions of the system, becoming another platform for dissemination and education that mirrors that of Mari and Isaacs. [i think that this should be after at lest one workshop as well]

Finally we will invite the public to participate in a workshop utilizing our furniture prototypes to materialize the ideas of systems theory, a concept central to the work of Isaacs and Mari. [i don't think the bit about isaacs and mari is needed] In this workshop we will challenge the participants’ interactions with space, imagery, materials and environments to understand the process in which to position themselves and their ideas in a complex interconnected world [i think we need to say specifically other people]. The workshop will contain a short talk and a group discussion followed by dispersion into smaller units to explore and develop specific utilizations of the furniture centered around these ideas. The result of the systems examination workshop will be on public display at Van Eyck.[maybe something like will be available to utilize]|||||I THINK THE ONE THING MISSING HERE IS HOW EXACTLY OUR PROJECT ISNT JUST RECREATING THEIR PROJECTS?|||||
[the way it is different is that we 1) are no where near as utopian as they where and our focus i think is slightly different in that for me the focus is always on the dialogical interactions between people]

ALSO I THINK I REALLY LIKE USING “|” AS MY BRACKETS I CLAIM THIS.